I still hear your voice when you sleep next to me
I still feel your touch in my dream (In my dream)
Forgive me my weakness, but I don't know why
Without you, it's hard to survive
'Cause every time we touch, I get this feeling
And every time we kiss, I swear I could fly
Can't you feel my heart beat fast? I want this to last
Need you by my side
'Cause every time we touch, I feel the static
And every time we kiss, I reach for the sky
Can't you hear my heart beat so? I can't let you go
Want you in my life
[Drop]
Your arms are my castle, your heart is my sky
They wipe away tears that I cry (That I cry)
The good and the bad times, we've been through them all
You make me rise when I fall
'Cause every time we touch, I get this feeling
And every time we kiss, I swear I could fly
Can't you feel my heart beat fast? I want this to last
Need you by my side
'Cause every time we touch, I feel the static
And every time we kiss, I reach for the sky
Can't you hear my heart beat so? I can't let you go
Want you in my life
[Drop]
'Cause every time we touch, I get this feeling
And every time we kiss, I swear I could fly
Can't you feel my heart beat fast? I want this to last
Need you by my side